Add documentation for upload_image for Image fields (#15)
discourse/discourse-developer-docs: docs/03-code-internals/20-form-kit.md

```ruby
field.refuse
```

### upload_image

> Takes an image path on the filesystem and uploads it for the field. Only available for: [image](/docs/guides/frontend/form-kit/controls/image).

Reviewer: This link doesn't go anywhere... (not your fault, seems like they're all copy/pasted from our docosaurous experiment). 

```suggestion
Takes an image path on the filesystem and uploads it for the field. Only available for the `Image` control.
```
